---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Reflection On JavaScript
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2019-09-06
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - JavaScript
  - Java
  - Learning
---
**An orgin story like... most people?**

Computer science to me is a place to be imaginative and create things. How I got into could be relatable to most. Video games. Video games, especially on PC allowed us to scratch the surface of computer science. Minecraft was heavily modded back then and it’s still kicking today. I attempted my first line of code in middle school when trying to make a projectile mod for Minecraft. The problem was learning everything alone and not knowing why something was working. Thus my pursue for being more educated under the computer science field.

**My thoughts so far on Javascript**

Javascript is an iteration of java however, they do have differences. One distinguishable difference is the variables. All variable handling seems to be easier at it only requires var, let, and const. There is probably more but the three is what I’ve been using. As it is in the name, Javascript is a OOP scripting language versus java where it is just a OOP language. One downfall of Javascript is that it is a browser only language whereas Java can do both browser and virtual machine. I think JavaScript remain superior to its predecessor as it requires a smaller and simple set of commands and makes developing a web page easier.

When you first start working out, getting the form and motion of said workout will be difficult. However, when doing it over and over again it will become second nature. That being said, the WODs are perfect for creating a small necessary stress that strengthens our ability to think logically in a short amount of time. Analyze what there is to be done, think of a set of algorithms to perform and code. Easier said than done of course but without difficulty there is no growth. 

**"The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits."** 

*-Albert Einstien*

I would replace stupidity with ignorance as it sounds less degrading than stupidity. That quote is very motivating putting in place that I have a lot to learn and will always have things to learn. Question everything as no one question is useless. I still have a plethora of things to ask about javascript and can't wait to learn the answers to them. I am excited to what is in stored in this this cless and learn more of the world of software engineering.

