---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Reflection On UI Frameworks
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2019-09-06
labels:
  - UI Semantic
  - JavaScript
  - Java
  - Learning
---

**Reflection: UI Frameworks**

<p> Usually development of a UI from scratch is difficult. For that reason it can take a bit longer when it comes to making it meet standards. This example is shown with the practice WOD saga of Browser History. I would say maybe in the 2000’s that would be of competence to standards, however compare that to websites today then it’s a whole other rodeo. UI semantic provides a template of sorts that does fix margins, padding, and font that matches up with most modern websites. It looks sleeker and on top of that is more simple to implement with no set boundaries.</p> 

<p> UI semantic saves a lot of time and making the html file look a whole lot cleaner and readable. It just works. Compare html code without Semantic UI side by side and the difference would be immense. Comparing the browser history with the semantic UI browser history, you can clearly see the simplicity in the case of creating a column and getting it even in terms of borders and margins. Less code, and easier to remember therefore a whole lot better than making a UI framework from scratch via raw HTML and CSS. I would presume making a menu would be fairly difficult without using any UI frameworks. This does mean that you have to learn and get used to the said UI framework but in the end it is worth it. In Browser history we made a menu, but it looks so out of date. Another thing to add on that is there is more adjusting to do as you would have to play around with the pixels more. Utilizing UI semantic, we can make a menu and have it meet standards with the same amount of time with less code. UI semantic menu can be easily made with div class=”ui menu”  following a UI container to have it set formally.  The size implementation on UI semantic also provides a consistent size and less code.</p>

<p>In conclusion, the basis of creating a good website it would be better to use something that is widely known to work out better than trying to create your own UI system. The emphasis I have on this is the amount of time it saves. In the real world you would rather want to finish things faster without deterioration of quality and that’s why using standardize frameworks is best.</p>
